docs: Search Description Refresh Batch 06 (#14746)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/security/acl/auth-methods/index.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Auth Methods Overview
description: >-

>   An auth method enables Consul to authenticate an application's identity and then automatically assign it ACL tokens associated with specific policies. Learn how the overall login process works and how auth methods and binding rules can help you secure your service mesh with minimal operator intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An auth method enables Consul to authenticate the identity of a user or application and then automatically provision an ACL token with privileges based on identity attributes. Learn how the overall login process works and how auth methods and binding rules can help you secure your service mesh with minimal operator intervention.
```
